[Music]
in the fbi
cyber crime division busy night for the
bad guys even busier night for us
they can catch any criminal with the
touch of a button
you got him now we need you to knock
down a door for us
the suspect's in custody good work hi
mommy did you need bad guys
one just one but nothing prepared them
for this check out this tip we got about
our website
is this real i'm streaming live just
when you thought you've seen it all
if you see that box it regulates the
amount of fluid going into the victim so
the more people visit the site the
faster he bleeds that's right
this website's like nothing we've ever
seen before it's untraceable
the public are tuning in at an alarming
rate this guy can invite the whole world
to help him kill anybody he wants and
there's not a damn thing we can do about
it
oh my god a second victim has appeared
on the site
set up a press conference this is just
what he wants anything you say will only
promote the site and kill him faster i
got no choice
the torture that he is experiencing is
unimaginable in its cruelty
any american who visits the site is an
accomplice to murder stay away from the
sight we are
the murder weapon he died in 20 minutes
the next one will die in the blink of an
eye
the closer they get to finding him
please open the door it's the wrong
house he knew we were coming
the closer he'll be to finding her there
is a connection and he knows that you're
leading the team to find out what it is
i'm running the trace now
here's my credit card number got all the
way into my wireless network which means
he can see every single keystroke
mom there's a video or a house on the
computer
you know whose car this is yeah i think
i have an idea
what if you never catch him
this is bad you think this is it it's
just the beginning
hello jennifer
[Music]
untraceable